                                                 Project Report
                            Location proposal for new fast food venue in Manhattan, NY


1. Introduction/ Business Understanding


Our client is an entrepreneur from the town of Pazardzhik, Bulgaria. His name is Dimitar, also known as
"Mitio The Onion". He is the proud owner of a fast food restaurant near the Pazardzhik`s Park of freedom.
The product that He offers is very typical for Bulgaria, and is called "A princess" A princess is basically
a large piece of pread, baked with minced meat, ham, or other product of the same type with yellow cheese
on top. The product is very cheap to make, very delicious, and our client firmly believes that he can conquer
the market of Manhattan with it. Like Dimitar says " It costs 50 cents to make, I sell it for 5 dollars, 2000
pieces a day, count by yourself!" Our Goal here is to detirmine which neighborhoods in Manhattan, NY are best 
for a start of this business. Because the client`s current venue is located near a park, We came to the
conclusion, that a location near a park, somewhere in Manhattan is what He needs.


2. Data and methodology

For this project, I used the dataset already available in the previous assignment, about New York neighborhoods.
First I imported all the libraries that i needed, to work with the data, discover the geographical coordinates
of New York, and create a map visualization with Manhatten`s neighborhoods marked on it, so that I can analyze 
it and come up with the right neighborhoods, to propose to the client.


3. Discussion of results and conclusion

After visualizing the neighborhoods of Manhattan, given the requirements of the client, that I discussed in
part 1, I came up with 7 neighborhoods, to propose to my client, for his first venue. They are the seven
neighborhoods that are closest to Central Park, and their names are Lincoln Square, Upper Westside,
Manhattan Valley, East Harlem, Carnegie Hill, Upper Eastside and Lenox Hill. After meeting the client again
He was really satisfied and motivated. As soon as possible He will fly to the United States, and open his
new fast food restaurant.

